>> Steve Kinney: So yeah,
it's a CSS property, but
most of the time when you're using it,
you're gonna use it in JavaScript.
You're gonna go in there and say, hey FYI,
I know the user is about to do something,
but we are going to want to animate this.
Let's get it to its own layer now and
be good to go.
So, for instance we could say on
mouse enter element.style.willChange,
transform will promote it to its
own layer, and then when they go,
by the time we get it
ready to do the thing,
then it's already on its own layer,
we're good to go.
So, if it's like a sidebar or
the sticky bottom, use CSS.
But if it's something that's only going to
become its own layer temporarily as you do
some animation and
then it's going back to a static position,
we'll add the willChange, we'll do
the thing and then we'll put it back.
And again, after we're done we
wanna clean up after ourselves,
because if they hover over it once and
mouse enters, make its own layer.
And you forget to put it back down,
you're gonna end up with a lot of layers.
We talked about that's a bad thing.
So here's an example, okay,
mouse enter, all right?
Yeah let's set the transform and
then may be when the animation ends,
right, put it back down.
All right, we're done, it doesn't
need to be its own layer anymore,
we're good to go.
All right, so we can do it then.
And then I arguably,
it would be really extra bonus points,
you should have this as well, is like
on a mouse leave, also put it down.
Mouseenters, this would be a box that
moves when they click on it, all right?
Mouseenters, let's move it to
a zone layer, they clicked?
Cool, do the animation.
Animation's done?
Put it back down, the mouse's left?
Put it back down, right?
And because we are not doing anything
else, when the mouseenters, yeah,
we are doing some work, but we are doing
that work before it is needed.
We wait until we are ready to start
animating, it could look a little jolty,
cuz it's like my God I gotta
get this to its own layer.
And now I've gotta move it, right,
versus move it before you need it or
move it to it's own layer before you need
it, animate it when you're supposed to.
Put it back down when you're done.